Update dev.md lerna commands are outdated (and still not working) (#367)
leanprover/vscode-lean4: docs/dev.md

### Building
- Make sure you have an up to date installation of `npm` and `node.js`.  For example `npm` version 8.1.3 and `node.js` version v16.13.0.

> - Run `npm install lerna` in your root folder for development. This installs the Lerna package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `npm install` in your workspace root folder. This installs the Lerna package manager.
```
You don't have to explicitly `install lerna` as it is in `package.json`.
